[WG Naming] Add recommendation template (#5206)
kubernetes/community: wg-naming/recommendations/template.md

> # Recommendation: Old Term -> New Term

Reviewer: There are a handful of cases that I think of where there isn't a 1 to 1 replacement.

For example the term master. In some cases the replacement should be "main" and others "controller". For slave, there is likely a more specific term like "node", "agent", or "daemon" depending on the entity being renamed.

So perhaps this should change to:

```md
# Recommendation: replace Old Term

Replacements: 
- `new term`: description of where this term is applicable.
<any additional terms>
```

Reviewer 2: I personally prefer this approach for master, it's a very overloaded term, and an appropriate replacement is context sensitive (eg: https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#master)

Reviewer 3: I like the google's guide @spiffxp tagged. And yes there wouldn't be 1:1 replacement for all the terminologies.

Author: Awesome!! Thank you so much @spiffxp! 

I'm going to add the `Replacements` block under the 2nd-level heading for recommendation, but i think it's solid!

> 

Reviewer 2: per https://github.com/kubernetes/community/pull/5207/files#diff-7878f481732a8f785f658051f1ca00774c85286f0c2b63d2c2fd9dbafd6c011eR89
```suggestion
Last Updated: date PR was last updated, e.g. 2020-10-16
```

> **Status:** Accepted|Draft|Other

Reviewer 2: What sort of workflow do we envision with this field?  I know KEPs have their own status field, but I feel like it's a source of confusion/toil, and would opt for the simplicity of "merged = accepted" if possible here.

If this is about driving implementation, I guess I was thinking KEPs would be used for that.

Author: I think that's fair. I'm going to keep the field in as `Accepted` for now and remove the other options, because I think it's important for the merged file to reflect that.

> ## Recommendation 

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if "Suggested Alternatives" as a heading might make this easier to search for.  At least for me, "<term> alternative" and "<term> replacement" yielded more relevant content on Google, Bing and DuckDuckGo

Reviewer 4: readability suggestion: kind of adjacent to Aaron's point - we've got "Recommendation: <>" as H1 and "Recommendation" as H2 right under, it would probably be easier to read if this was a different heading. Or am I misunderstanding and this heading is the actual recommendation itself?

Author: I think that's a great suggestion, accepted :)

> - Formalize recommendation in title 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Make the recommendation the title of the PR. For example: "Change default repository branches from 'master' to 'main'"
```

> - Provide a brief, 1-3 sentence summary of reasoning behind this change

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Provide a brief, 1-3 sentence summary of the reasoning for this change
```

> - Provide alternate recommendation(s) to the one in the title if needed 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Provide alternate recommendation(s) if needed 
```

> ## Context/Precedents 

Reviewer 6: Does this mean the context for the recommendation, or the context for the term in which this replacement makes sense?

Author: Context for the recommendation!

> ## Context/Precedents 

Reviewer 5: Make context its own section.
```suggestion
## Context

- Provide information about the recommendation. Why does this proposal matter? Who does it affect? How will it help?

## Precedents 
```

> If existing, provide any research, links to PR(s) from other communities, etc. that provide precedent for this decision. 

Reviewer: I think it would help if the template references the evaluation framework. For example here, I'm interested in if this is a first-order or second-order concern and why.

Reviewer 2: +1 referencing our framework

using master as an example, it clearly has first-order concerns, but third-order concerns are why we can't just search-replace it away

would it be relevant to link to PR's that have already merged within this community as precedent or prior art?

> If existing, provide any research, links to PR(s) from other communities, etc. that provide precedent for this decision. 

Reviewer 5: @spiffxp I looked for the framework you mentioned but couldn't find it through casual searching. I support adding it in principle!

```suggestion
Provide any research, links to PR(s) from other communities, etc. that provide precedent for this decision. 
```

Reviewer 2: this framework https://github.com/kubernetes/community/pull/5207

which I see you've reviewed, yay

> ## Consequences

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
## Impact
```

> Starting with a [Hound](https://cs.k8s.io/) keyword search, note any major changes that will result by making this change.

Reviewer 4: Unsure if this is the right PR to start this discussion on, but #5211 mentions owner and stakeholder groups as well - I feel like that should also fall under either "consequences" or perhaps a separate heading for who is affected by this change. That way there's more information for the eventual ADR.

[I don't actually know the process for creating ADRs (if someone could point me - that would be amazing!) but currently 5211 makes it sound like someone will propose a recommendation using this template and WG Naming will create an ADR for it based on that after review. Since the ADR requires review from owner/stakeholder groups as well (and those aren't included in this template yet) it seems the onus would then be on WG Naming to seek out/research which groups would be affected.]

Author: Hmm. I think this is a good point. I'm going to add it to the agenda for the next meeting?

> Starting with a [Hound](https://cs.k8s.io/) keyword search, note any major changes that will result by making this change.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Link to the results of a [Hound](https://cs.k8s.io/) keyword search. What impact will this change create? 
```
